README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">lettre</h1>
<div align="center">
 <strong>
   A mailer library for Rust
 </strong>
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.rs/lettre">
    <img src="https://docs.rs/lettre/badge.svg"
      alt="docs" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/lettre">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/d/lettre.svg"
      alt="downloads" />
  </a>
  <br />
  <a href="https://gitter.im/lettre/lettre">
    <img src="https://badges.gitter.im/lettre/lettre.svg"
      alt="chat on gitter" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://lettre.rs">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/visit-website-blueviolet"
      alt="website" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://deps.rs/crate/lettre/0.11.16">
    <img src="https://deps.rs/crate/lettre/0.11.16/status.svg"
      alt="dependency status" />
  </a>
</div>

---

## Features

Lettre provides the following features:

* Multiple transport methods
* Unicode support (for email content and addresses)
* Secure delivery with SMTP using encryption and authentication
* Easy email builders
* Async support

Lettre does not provide (for now):

* Email parsing

## Supported Rust Versions

Lettre supports all Rust versions released in the last 6 months. At the time of writing
the minimum supported Rust version is 1.74, but this could change at any time either from
one of our dependencies bumping their MSRV or by a new patch release of lettre.

## Example

This library requires Rust 1.74 or newer.
To use this library, add the following to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
lettre = "0.11"
```

```rust,no_run
use lettre::message::header::ContentType;
use lettre::transport::smtp::authentication::Credentials;
use lettre::{Message, SmtpTransport, Transport};

fn main() {
    let email = Message::builder()
        .from("NoBody <nobody@domain.tld>".parse().unwrap())
        .reply_to("Yuin <yuin@domain.tld>".parse().unwrap())
        .to("Hei <hei@domain.tld>".parse().unwrap())
        .subject("Happy new year")
        .header(ContentType::TEXT_PLAIN)
        .body(String::from("Be happy!"))
        .unwrap();

    let creds = Credentials::new("smtp_username".to_owned(), "smtp_password".to_owned());

    // Open a remote connection to gmail
    let mailer = SmtpTransport::relay("smtp.gmail.com")
        .unwrap()
        .credentials(creds)
        .build();

    // Send the email
    match mailer.send(&email) {
        Ok(_) => println!("Email sent successfully!"),
        Err(e) => panic!("Could not send email: {e:?}"),
    }
}
```

## Not sure of which connect options to use?

Clone the lettre git repository and run the following command (replacing `SMTP_HOST` with your SMTP server's hostname)

```shell
cargo run --example autoconfigure SMTP_HOST
```

## Testing

The `lettre` tests require an open mail server listening locally on port 2525 and the `sendmail` command. If you have python installed
such a server can be launched with `python -m smtpd -n -c DebuggingServer 127.0.0.1:2525`

Alternatively only unit tests can be run by doing `cargo test --lib`.

## Troubleshooting

These are general steps to be followed when troubleshooting SMTP related issues.

- Ensure basic connectivity, ensure requisite ports are open and daemons are listening.
- Confirm that your service provider allows traffic on the ports being used for mail transfer.
- Check SMTP relay authentication and configuration.
- Validate your DNS records. (DMARC, SPF, DKIM, MX)
- Verify your SSL/TLS certificates are setup properly.
- Investigate if filtering, formatting, or filesize limits are causing messages to be lost, delayed, or blocked by relays or remote hosts.

## Code of conduct

Anyone who interacts with Lettre in any space, including but not limited to
this GitHub repository, must follow our [code of conduct](https://github.com/lettre/lettre/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

This program is distributed under the terms of the MIT license.

The builder comes from [emailmessage-rs](https://github.com/katyo/emailmessage-rs) by
Kayo, under MIT license.

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

Commit message:

docs: use `Mailbox::new` rather than string parsing (#1090)

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">lettre</h1>
<div align="center">
 <strong>
   A mailer library for Rust
 </strong>
</div>

<br />

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://docs.rs/lettre">
    <img src="https://docs.rs/lettre/badge.svg"
      alt="docs" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://crates.io/crates/lettre">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/crates/d/lettre.svg"
      alt="downloads" />
  </a>
  <br />
  <a href="https://gitter.im/lettre/lettre">
    <img src="https://badges.gitter.im/lettre/lettre.svg"
      alt="chat on gitter" />
  </a>
  <a href="https://lettre.rs">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/visit-website-blueviolet"
      alt="website" />
  </a>
</div>

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://deps.rs/crate/lettre/0.11.16">
    <img src="https://deps.rs/crate/lettre/0.11.16/status.svg"
      alt="dependency status" />
  </a>
</div>

---

## Features

Lettre provides the following features:

* Multiple transport methods
* Unicode support (for email content and addresses)
* Secure delivery with SMTP using encryption and authentication
* Easy email builders
* Async support

Lettre does not provide (for now):

* Email parsing

## Supported Rust Versions

Lettre supports all Rust versions released in the last 6 months. At the time of writing
the minimum supported Rust version is 1.74, but this could change at any time either from
one of our dependencies bumping their MSRV or by a new patch release of lettre.

## Example

This library requires Rust 1.74 or newer.
To use this library, add the following to your `Cargo.toml`:

```toml
[dependencies]
lettre = "0.11"
```

```rust,no_run
use lettre::message::header::ContentType;
use lettre::transport::smtp::authentication::Credentials;
use lettre::{Message, SmtpTransport, Transport};

fn main() {
    let email = Message::builder()
        .from(Mailbox::new("NoBody".to_owned(), "nobody@domain.tld".parse().unwrap()))
        .reply_to(Mailbox::new("Yuin".to_owned(), "yuin@domain.tld".parse().unwrap()))
        .to(Mailbox::new("Hei".to_owned(), "hei@domain.tld".parse().unwrap()))
        .subject("Happy new year")
        .header(ContentType::TEXT_PLAIN)
        .body(String::from("Be happy!"))
        .unwrap();

    let creds = Credentials::new("smtp_username".to_owned(), "smtp_password".to_owned());

    // Open a remote connection to gmail
    let mailer = SmtpTransport::relay("smtp.gmail.com")
        .unwrap()
        .credentials(creds)
        .build();

    // Send the email
    match mailer.send(&email) {
        Ok(_) => println!("Email sent successfully!"),
        Err(e) => panic!("Could not send email: {e:?}"),
    }
}
```

## Not sure of which connect options to use?

Clone the lettre git repository and run the following command (replacing `SMTP_HOST` with your SMTP server's hostname)

```shell
cargo run --example autoconfigure SMTP_HOST
```

## Testing

The `lettre` tests require an open mail server listening locally on port 2525 and the `sendmail` command. If you have python installed
such a server can be launched with `python -m smtpd -n -c DebuggingServer 127.0.0.1:2525`

Alternatively only unit tests can be run by doing `cargo test --lib`.

## Troubleshooting

These are general steps to be followed when troubleshooting SMTP related issues.

- Ensure basic connectivity, ensure requisite ports are open and daemons are listening.
- Confirm that your service provider allows traffic on the ports being used for mail transfer.
- Check SMTP relay authentication and configuration.
- Validate your DNS records. (DMARC, SPF, DKIM, MX)
- Verify your SSL/TLS certificates are setup properly.
- Investigate if filtering, formatting, or filesize limits are causing messages to be lost, delayed, or blocked by relays or remote hosts.

## Code of conduct

Anyone who interacts with Lettre in any space, including but not limited to
this GitHub repository, must follow our [code of conduct](https://github.com/lettre/lettre/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## License

This program is distributed under the terms of the MIT license.

The builder comes from [emailmessage-rs](https://github.com/katyo/emailmessage-rs) by
Kayo, under MIT license.

See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.
